# Changing the Recovery Log Size

When you change the recovery log size, you must delete the recovery log file. Changing the recovery log size removes the Unity object state information. After the sequencers are started, all systems exist in the unrecoverable state. To promote systems to an active state, see [Activating a Managed System](dna1543850114015.md).

**Important:** All objects managed by Unity remain in an unsynced state after this process is completed.

1.  From UnityAdmin, change the *RecoveryLogSize* parameter value to the new size in gigabytes:

    `CONFIG UPDATE SEQUENCER RecoveryLogSize <newSize>;`

2.  Retrieve the recovery log file name and path.

    The default location is `/data/recovery.log.` The recovery log path is stored in the configuration variable, *RecoveryLogPath*, and the filename is stored in the configuration key RecoveryLogName.

    **Note:** Run the UnityAdmin commands **config list key RecoveryLogPath** and **config list key RecoveryLogName** to query the current setting for these parameters.

    **Note:** Resizing the recovery log involves the deletion of the current recovery log file. Make sure all systems and objects are fully recovered and in the active state before running the following commands:

3.  Run the following command to stop both sequencer processes:

    `/etc/init.d/unity stop`

4.  Run the following command to remove the old recovery log file on both Unity servers:

    `rm /data/recovery.log`

5.  Run the following command to restart the sequencer processes on both Unity servers:

    `/etc/init.d/unity start`

6.  Reactivate the cluster after all steps are performed.

